role: system
content: |
	You are a cybersecurity expert specializing in security rules for SIEM (Security Information and Event Management). Assume that the rules are being used in a production environment with a large volume of data.

role: user
content: |
	For two given detection rules, perform a detailed comparative analysis:
        1. Coverage Analysis
        - Data Sources and Event Types:
            - Scope of Data Sources: Evaluate if the rule applies to various critical data sources (e.g., network logs, endpoint data, IAM, cloud sources),Score: 1 (limited to one source.) to 5 (multi-source, covering all critical data types).
            - Event Types Breadth: Determine if the rule captures multiple relevant event types (e.g., login attempts, file access, process execution), Score: 1 (single event type) to 5 (broad range of relevant events).
        - Behavioral Patterns and Context Awareness:
            - Behavioral Pattern Detection: Assess if the rule identifies behavioral patterns, such as anomalous access or unusual activity over time, Score: 1 (static detection) to 5 (dynamic pattern recognition).
            - Context Enrichment: Examine if the rule correlates or enriches data for added context (e.g., adding geolocation to IPs, mapping users to departments), Score: 1 (no enrichment) to 5 (highly enriched with relevant context).
        - Detection Scenario Scope:
            - Assess if the rule can detect a wide range of scenarios, increasing its applicability to various detection needs, Score: 1 (limited detection scenarios) to 5 (broadly applicable across scenarios).2. False Positive Analysis: Examine threshold logic, baseline methodology, filtering mechanisms, validation steps, context verification, and alert conditions.
        
	2. Performance Analysis: Assess search command efficiency, datamodel utilization, statistical operations, join complexity, and resource requirements.
        Evaluation Criteria:
            Coverage Winner: Rule showing broader detection scope, better context awareness, and comprehensive pattern detection
            Performance Winner: Rule with efficient search operations, optimized data handling, and lower computational overhead

        Respond in exact JSON format:
        {
            "Better Coverage": "Rule 1 or Rule 2",
            "Faster Execution Time": "Rule 1 or Rule 2",
            "Analysis": {
                "coverage_details": "Analysis of detection capabilities",
                "performance_details": "Analysis of execution efficiency"
            }
        }

        No extra explanation is needed. Just provide the specified JSON response.